the night sky can inspire you on
many many levels
most people's concept of God has
their God residing in the sky
not under their feet in the dirt
there's a deep sense that was
above us is greater than us
bigger than us more powerful
than us CCB deepen our DNA I
don't know other animals that
that gaze upwards and I wondered
could it be for example that
most four-legged mammals are
looking down looking for food
looking up is just what are you
gonna do that right when is that
arise tonight they're asleep but
you know we sleep at night as
well however we are perfectly
comfortable sleeping on our
backs most animals in the entire
animal kingdom insects included
will never find themselves on
their back never ever we're
perfectly fine sleeping on her
bed at night and what happens
when you wake up gotta go pee in
the bushes you wake up at night
and you're on your back the sky
is there for you to behold I
think the sky's a fundamental
part of our life experience add
to this modern scientific
knowledge that stars are born
live out their lives and I some
of them explode and those that
exploded manufacture the
elements from the periodic table
of elements that comprise life
as we know it and the more
knowledge you have of the
universe the more majestic it is
and the more connected to you or
to it it's not we're here and
that's there is that we're here
that's there but our atoms and
molecules were once there and
now they're here so there's a
kinship with the consequence
that modern science has revealed
to us so I would claim no matter
how you slice the question what
does it mean to look up no
matter who answers that question
they gonna tell you they're
looking up is something
beautiful something profound
something deep in more ways than
one it contains our destiny